Hello Guy Welcome Welcome in another new video
today we are going to talk
about a device which I think every
car company should make mandatory it should be a
standard feature that
this feature should be in your car rest I know that
I make a video after a very long time
but what should I do because it happens to me that if there is a
video of anything then it is
information the
second most important thing is that some
things are not getting changed because in life right now a
little priority is
on something other than this so only by doing this I am able to
earn money so let's go back to the
video let's come to the topic
so today I
want to talk to you about a device as I
said earlier that this is really necessary it
is mandatory and it should be in every car
first you
look at it [Music] so it is a small thing it looks
very small but it is a very useful thing
actually you all know that I have an
Atos it is a 2022 model so whenever its
insurance expires then  I get
its insurance done with zero depreciation
because that is the safest
and that is the most expensive because it costs more
but it is the best, I almost go for that
so that
if there is any problem in the future due to what kind of
conditions there are then the insurance can take
care of everything with zero depreciation and
regarding that the insurance companies
give you many different types of benefits,
almost I get my car's zero
depreciation insurance done from Kia showroom
only but this time I got my
insurance done from ICICI, I am
not favouring them but
I am just sharing my experience and
I liked this device very much so
I want to tell you about it,
I got my car insurance done from ICICI
and it cost me around 15-16000 in
which I got all the benefits
from zero depreciation to RTO return to
invoice, along with that they have
also given me this device, actually this
device is GPS  It is a tracker or a scanner which
tells you the health of your car etc. and
tells you the live location of the car. Just
mount it inside the car, fit it inside the car
and you don't have to do anything. It will automatically
give your location etc. to all your phones.
I will tell you on the phone. How to do it on the phone.
First let me show you this device. This is a
very small device
and it also puts a SIM inside it. Look,
it is written
SIM card inside it. If we open it, there
is no need to open it, but I am telling you that when
this SIM card etc. is put inside it, then
look, this light will be beeping, which
means it is active and it has been recharged etc. So there is
nothing to do. When you
get insurance from IIC Lombard,
you definitely get this device. They
call it Telematics OS Scanner Vair in their language. You get this
cable with it. In many cars, the scanner
box is not fitted, like
in my car, in many cars it goes directly inside
and the box gets closed like this. Now
what happens, let me show you the box.  Let me show you,
see, this car, there are
such ports made under the car, like this port,
it will be installed directly inside it, so it will be installed
in its scanner, so like this cable,
you put this cable
and you put this device inside, okay,
after that, this box of mine, it
just takes a little effort and it closes,
okay, now this is done, now in this, I will
go inside the mobile application and tell you
how to do it, this application is
named Little Ast, if you open it, then
some interface like this will open, Little Ast
ICC Labad Nibhai Wade Powered by O
Caric, that means this is the company which makes these devices, it takes
some time to rotate
because if you start it,
when you have its ID,
I have logged in its ID and password, that is, you will get
ICC Lund Wale
WhatsApp2 to Car, this is done below,
because my car has battery
health, zero minutes spent driving, like
now I sat inside the car, I did
not start the car, now here
we come to some of its sections,
first of all the live section, your car is somewhere  It will
also be parked, you will do it on live,
it will open through the entire map, it will
properly tell you that your car is parked here,
okay, after that in Autometer logs, there is nothing
in Autometer logs, you can just take a photo of
your speedometer on your screen and
keep it here through As a Lock, if you want to
check Road Side Assistance, it will tell you from when it is, till when it is, it will tell
you here, now let's come to the main activity,
in activity it will tell you everything about your car,
yes before seeing all this, drive the car for
101 km, take a little drive around
so that some locks start getting created inside it
and activity starts getting created,
see this is my driving till now,
now like today is 15th, if I
tell you about yesterday, yesterday the car drove for 58 minutes, 45
km, now if I click, it will
tell you everything, at what time did the car start,
where, till what time did it run, till when is it, it will
tell you the entire route inside the map, my
car came from Rajpura to Chandigarh, from Chandigarh to
Rajpura, it will tell you the complete time spent,
okay, after that  Let's come to the
driving
summary, right now this driving summary, I am
driving a little bit, so it is
showing 5 out of 10, after that
if we come to the trends,
in the trends it will tell us how much has the
economy gone, how much fuel has been spent, I
mean these are some small things
which mean they will not do anything special for you,
just look at your main life,
where is your car parked, even when you
start the car and move, I will show you,
as the car will move now, it will start
moving simultaneously, this device,
you will start seeing an arrow moving simultaneously,
so you see, this is a GPS tracker, I was
saying that just like everyone should have a dash cam
for their smartphone,
similarly this GPS tracker should also be
installed in everyone's car, if we
take it normally then it is a thing of 45000, but it is
available with ICICI Lombard insurance, so my benefit is that it will
not leave my side for one year, yes let me tell you,
as soon as your insurance expires  Yes,
this also expires,
as soon as you renew your insurance,
it will also get renewed, so
you might not be aware of this, but let me tell you
that this is one of its features, not a feature, I mean, a
disadvantage, that you have to get it done for
one year, but it serves you well for one year, so
I just
wanted to say that every company should make this thing mandatory,
like dash cam is mandatory, that a dash
cam should be installed inside every vehicle, some
companies
[music] let it seem
that something is installed there and
your tracking will continue, so for now, this
was a small video, I told you, let's
make a video on an important topic, let's give
you some knowledge, I hope
you liked it, if you liked it, then subscribe to the channel and
share the video
to as many people as possible so that
this device reaches them, not just this, buy any other one too, there are others too
which will give you good benefits as per
your affordability, so see you
in the next video very soon, we will
make it soon, so till then, bye